My husband was full of life, you know, full of energy, and he loved people.
My husband became ill and I needed a little more help, family-wise, so we decided to move
to Texas.
We were actually ready to leave, so we were ready to pull out.
He noticed something that he needed to check with the vehicle, that he was driving, and
he was under the truck.
He jumped and started to roll.
I jumped out of the car and ran around, and he wasn't breathing, and it immediately killed
him.
Everything was just in shambles.
We had no landing spot, because everything was packed on our truck.
Well, a sister came and asked us to stay with her.
On the morning of the funeral, I dreaded thinking about what else we were to do for the rest
of that day when she brought us into the kitchen.
It was just so bright and warm and cheery, and compares into the week we had just gone
through.
She had arranged to have a beautiful breakfast feast, and we prayed, and we read scriptures
together.
We had the morning text together, and we were able to focus on the resurrection hope.
I no longer dreaded the day, but I felt like we were able to just go ahead and do what
we needed to do, because we had Jehovah's re-assured it.
The good news, the sister shared with me, it changed that dreaded feeling to being what
Jehovah wanted us to feel.
She wants us to focus on the hope, the way she helped us that morning, helped us focus
completely on that hope.